Average predictions come back (#306)
SubstraFoundation/distributed-learning-contributivity: mplc/doc/documentation.md

  - `'fedgrads'`: stands for gradient averaging, quite similar to federated averaging, but the partner-loss's gradients are averaged before the optimization step, instead of averaged the model's weights after the optimization step.
  Warning : This method needs a Keras model to work with. The `gradient_pass_per_update` is set to 1 in the current implementation. 
 

>   - `'ensemble'`: stands for ensembling strategy and is one of the simplest way to train a machine learning model collaboratively. Every parter trains its model independently and the final predictions are the average of every parter's predictions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `'ensemble'`: stands for ensembling strategy and is one of the simplest way to train a machine learning model collaboratively. Every partner trains its model independently and the final predictions are the average of every partner's predictions.
```
